# Summer_School
This collection of documents is intended for my own edification and enjoyment, this is not intended as a resource for students other than myself. The format, content, and maintanence are a product of my own efforts and the resources provided to my classmates and me (as well as free applications available online or through the university). This project is not affiliated wiht any University effort or course assignment, but is maintained for my own sanity in these crazy summer times.

If you would like to replicate this resource for yourself, feel free. I will, however, not be approving or checking any pull requests or issues opened by anyone other than myself. This measure is intended to limit the possibility of any academic dishonesty issues that could potentially arise. Similarly, this repository serves as a hub for my personal notes, ideas, and work and is not intended to be used by other students in its final form. As such, upon completion of the course, these documents (and the repository as a whole) will be changed to private mode so that no one can benefit from the work that I put in to this course unfairly. I hope that these measures are sufficiently complient with the student code (from what I've read of it they seem to be) so as not to raise any issues, but please alert me if this is not the case. 

# Summary

In summation, I am not looking for collaboration, assistance, copying, or any other form of academic dishonesty. This repository is intended to manange the resources provided throughout the course, and my own work for the course, and is distinctly not for the use of students to come. Although I welcome fellow classmates to fork or clone this repository, I will not be allowing contributions or additions by other students to by version of this repository. I chose this format as an excercise in my own limitted coding skills, and as a way to practice with git and GitHub interfacing (i.e. for my own edification) and for the simple ability to open these documents on any device with the convience of a url, and the flexibility of a code I cobbled and built through open source material and my own efforts.
